by my name's Tom RT do dental scratch
repair today I'm going to show you an
alternative method removing dense
without any filler or paintwork using a
method
paintless dent there as you can see
highlighted here there's a small dent in
the driver's side quarter panel of the
car
now to remove this dent I'm going to use
adhesive tabs and a slide hammer and
pull the dent from the outside using a
specially formulated glue we apply the
tap
[Music]
we let that set for a few seconds then
by attaching a slide hammer
we can then pull the dent from the
outside
as the thing gets smaller we can use
smaller tabs to remove the remained and
damage
okay and as you can see we've now
completely removed a dent from the panel
more information or to see our portfolio
have a look online at
you